ISP - Internet Service Provider 
IP address - Internet Protocol Address 
Domain name - The Websites name 
DNS server - Domain Name System Server 
Web site host - What hosts the website (Big brain) 

## 1a.) Internet vs World wide web
The internet is the group of interconected computers on whitch the world wide web runs on. the world wide web is the pages that you se when using the 'internet' through a browser.

## 1b.) Purpose of a web browser
A web browser is an application that allows for the user to access websites, via the use of the internet and the world wide web.

## 1c.) What do humans use instead of IP addresses?
Humans find long strings of numbers hard to remember, therfore humans use domain names, a human readable website adress whitch is converted into an ip address by a DNS server. 


## 1d.) https://www.skynews.co.uk/worldnews/ukstockmarket
https:// - is the scheme
www - is world wide web acroonym, and the subdomain
skynews - is the seccomd level domain
.co.uk - is the top level domain
/worldnews - is the subdirectory



## 2a.) What is a dns server
A dns server is a Domain Name Systerm Server.

## 2b.) Describe how a DNS server works.
A DNS server works much like a phone book by managing the mapping between names and numbers. The dns server translates requests into names into IP adresses, controlling the server the end user will reach when they type a domain name into a brou

## 2c.) if the Domain name is not found in the DNS server the server can 





# BEANZ
